# 1025-repositorydule you will further explore hardware components, circuits and logic and the impact of IEEE on hardware development. 
Create the following heading in the lab readme.md file: Hardware (unless you already have it from a previous module) 
Watch: How a CPU Works 
 Create the following heading in the lab readme.md file below Hardware: ALU and the Control Unit 
At about the 10 minute mark in the video there is a discussion of the control unit and ALU: Explain the interaction of the control unit and ALU in the CPU

The control unit acts as a kind of manager for the ALU. Without the control unit, the ALU would not know what kind of operation to preform when it recieves inputs. 

Watch: CPU, Memory, Input & Output 
 Example: You are using the self-check-out at the grocery store.  Create the following heading in the lab readme.md file below Hardware:
 CPU, Input & Output 
 Identify how the example addresses each of the components: CPU, Input and Output 

Using the self checkout can explain all three of these concepts as follows:
 The input would be the actual scanning of items.
 The CPU would be the register understanding that input and storing that input.
 The output would be the screen displaying that previously scanned item.

Review: Logic Gates and Circuits 
 Create the following heading in the lab readme.md file below Hardware: 
 Logic Gates and Circuits. 
 Explain what is meant by a truth table and apply your knowledge to a NAND gate.  How does the NAND gate truth table compare to that of an AND gate? 

A truth table is the set of rules that the logic gate must follow. In the case of a NAND gate, this means that the NAND gate must follow the true/false outouts that match with it's coressponding inputs.
 NAND gates are the complete opposite of AND gates. AND gates would take one true, one false and output a false as FALSE in this case is prioritized. Think about punnent
 squares and how dominant and recessive genes work. In the case of AND gates, FALSE is the dominant gene. NAND gates function a little differently, while TRUE is
 the dominant gene, two truths make a false and two false make a truth. 

IEEE 
 Visit:  https://www.ieee.org/about/ieee-history.html  to read about IEEE 
 Review pages 10-11 of the following file:  
<<EAD1e.pdf>>
Review: https://www.ibm.com/watson/assets/duo/pdf/everydayethics.pdf 
 Create the following heading in the lab readme.md file below Hardware: IEEE - Ethically Aligned Design. 
 Explain the purpose of IEEE and the importance of ethics in device design 

IEEE helps to set the ethical standards of todays technologies. Without ethics, things could be a lot worse. For example, say a factory wants to use
automatic conveyorbelts and arms to increase production. However, these arms and bets were not produced with safety or humans in mind so an accident occurs that 
could have been prevented if ethics had been factored into the equation. 
 


 
