#Executive summary
In this lab, you will be taken through the basics of internet architecture, in TPC/IP, Internet security, how to secure your web-browser and why, internet programming,HTML
The construction of a url and some additional information.

#Internet Architecture 
### Internet Protocol
An Ip adresss is like a license plate for every computer connected to the internet. IPv4 is the older and unallocated versions of IP's while IPv6 is the newer and allocated
versions of Ip'S that we use today.
ICANN is the corperation that manages said IP's, both IPv4 and IPv6.

###TCP/IP
TCP is the protocols with which data is transfered over networks and devices.
We can imagine the client -server model like a phone call, one or the other (usually the client) "Calls" the server and the server responds.
Layers are very important for changing this technology as it allows for the opportunity for improvement. Delegating specific tasks to layers allows for the program
to be more easily modified and improved.

###Internet security
HTTP is what we all use to access the internet. It supports the client server model by the client asking the HTTP to display the requested object, checking the server
for that information and returning the requested object.
Http uses an encryption protocol in order to protect the information and encrypt communication using the method known as TLS.

###Securing your web-browser
There are many reasons you should protect your web-browser. Many malicious codes exist created by black-caps to steal all that you have to offer. They could take
your IP,Banking information, account information, hold your device hostage and much more for those who go unprotected. For example, Cookies are files from specific websites
that are used to store information from that website. an unprotected device could have that information stolen. 

###Internet Programming
Tim Berners-Lee is considered the father of the world wide web. He founded the W3C to ensure that the internet functions to it's fullest potential.
for example, the web architecture utilizes identifiers, Archtecture principles, Meta formats, Protocols and internationalization in order to fuflill this mission.


###HTML5 and CSS  
For this webpage, I followed the provided guides and information of HTML format in order to have the page function. Once I gained
an understanding of how pages are formated and understood, I took the liberty of using HTML5 rather than using hexdecimal colors to
add more color to the page.

###HTML and XML
There are a few differences between HTML and XML, which include but are not limited to;
A) XMl is intended to carry data rather than  display data
B)XML has no predefined tags
C)XMl files still work with basic structure even if new data is added or removed

#Components of a URL 
scheme:https
domain:www.amazon.com
top level domain:.edu
default page:no file path provided
parameters:result of search
anchor:specific location on a page

(Due to the nature of changing what the image opens with,  ImageProperties cannot be uploaded to the GITHUB lab file. Please contact me if WebPageWithImage cannot be
seen in the GITHUB lab folder as it appears that the image may have been corrupted.)

#Conclusion
After having gone through this lab, I have gained a far better understanding of URLs and what the text does. For the longest time I believed that they were
far more complex than what I once thought. I understand that I was given a fairly bare bones explination however, I do think I have a far better
understanding of how they work. I now also understand how IP is more important that I first believed and what it truthfully does.
