#executive summary
This lab will take you through the basics of networking and cybersecurity. Specifically touching upon packets, network topography and ba

###LucidChart
Summary: Flowchart wasn't difficult to use at all. Maybe due to my previous understanding of similar programs but regardless Lucidchart felt very intuitive and easy to use.
All the used tools were super easy to find.

###Introduction to networking
  ###Data Transmission
  A) Packet
  Unit of data 
  
  B) Packet switching
  Set of rules to allow devices to communicate 
  
  C) IP address
  Unique identifying number 
  
  D)DNS
  Directory of IP address common names.  For example 54.239.26.214 might be the IP address of amazon.com
  
  E)Protocol
  Technology that allows packets of data to be routed based on destination address 
  
  ###Networking Hardware
  
  A) Switch V hub
 A hub is not considered to be intelligent as they cannot decern where information from a device goes. However a switch has this capability and preforms all the same
 tasks as a Hub. therefore, you should use a switch over a hub unless there is a specific reason to not use a switch.
  B) Router V Hub&Switch
  You can't really pick a router or a hub or a switch. You can use hubs and switches interchangeably however, routers preform a different task. Routers track
  ip addresses and route the packets accordingly. Though, routers cannot accept direct access ethernet cable ports like switches and hubs.
  ###Network Topologies 
  
  A) single point
  The most commonly used topology that suffers from single point failure is star topology. If the hub/switch goes down, so does the network. Ring is also very disadvantaged
  as if there is a break anywhere, the data is lost. 
  B) Infrastructure Topology and Wireless Mesh
  I personally think that the wireless mesh is the best choice as A) You require far less physical wiring/ maintenance in comparison to the intfrastructure. B) You can
  have a far wider range of access to the network and C) when done correctly, it can often times support more devices than a wired network.
  
  #network design
  For my design, I chose a star design as I personally find this to be the more logical choice for the provided materials. It prevents more single point failures than
  most other designs.
  
  # NSA/CSS
  the nsa is part of the Usa's network security, specifically to prevent and get rid of any security threats that they can find that would threaten that security.
  
  ###Cybersecurity and Encryption 
A)
If i were in this position, Availibilty may be the most important part of the three. I would have to actually have the time to physically sit down and resolve the issue.
The integrety of the information is the next best step to check as there is no point to solving issue that isn't truly there. Finally comes the confidentiality.
We have security violations all the time on the internet and thusly, a simple few fixes can be employed to fix the security breaches.

B)Three tasks could be stated as followed however is not limited to:
1) Logging into a your bank account
2) logging into a school account
3) Purchasing liquor.

C)
An acl is a list of users that can to special things with given information. Role based does the same thing except with a list. ACL can be useful if titles don't fit
certain individuals and or bar individuals from doing other things outside their titles. RBCL keeps things uniform however can prevent access. ACL is a lot to maintain
and must be constantly updated.

D)
Cipher text is exactly what it sounds like, encoded text. Public keys and private keys are two parts of the same whole. To send an encypted message, you need a public
key. To read and decrypt that message, you need a private key generated by the public key holder.

E)
As much as we think we can keep our information safe, those who wish to find it and exploit it will. As anyone who would hold sensitive information, we need to find
better ways and stronger ways to keep that information secure. key cryptography is part of that solution. We can hand out as many private keys as we like, but the public
key must be good first. 

###Cryptography 
 B) 
 Caeser ciphers are a simple subsitiution method that allow a message to be encrypted using the shifting of the alphabet by a certain number of letters. For example if
 I want to shift 5 over, A = E, B = F...
 
 C)Every language will struggle with it's own letter frequencies, however we may find a solution in using ciphers that change the word structures entirely.
 
 D)A polyalphabetic cipher uses multiple shifts to encrypt. For example, the word Snake could be broken down as 19 13 1 11 5. Let's say every letter in the alphabet has
 a number attached to it starting at A = 1. If I were to shift hello with the word Snake,it would look like ASMWT.
 
 E)I chose hello as my message and Snake as my encryption word. The outcome was ASMWT as snake translates to 19 13 1 11 5. 
 
 ###Brute force
 The brute force method is the idea and practice that even if you don't have the key you can essentially create a program that goes through every possible key using a
 cipher method until it lands on the correct cipher. the Kerckhoffs's principle is that a key should be so secure that it cannot be brute forced.
 
 #Conclusion
 Throughout the lab, the part that interested me the most was the cipher and security portion. I love puzzles and Cryptography appears to be simplified as
 puzzles with extra steps. While yes you can be given the literal key, you can create complex problems and thusly finding the answers is so satisfying. I usually find
 puzzles illogical and "Better solved using more logical methods." However that isn't the point of adding ciphers to your keys. It's supposed to be difficult. While it
 follows logic you must find that logic for yourself.
  
